{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f28\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f29\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f31\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f32\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f33\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f34\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f35\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f44\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f45\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f47\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f48\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f49\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}
{\f50\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f51\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\author Greg Dietsche}{\operator Greg Dietsche}
{\creatim\yr2004\mo8\dy21\hr1\min21}{\revtim\yr2004\mo8\dy21\hr1\min27}{\version2}{\edmins6}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords932}{\nofchars5314}{\*\company GForce Programming}{\nofcharsws6525}{\vern8229}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f2\fs20        Title: Super Start
\par      Version: 1.30
\par  Platform(s): TI-89, TI-89 Titanium, TI-92 Plus, Voyage 200
\par       Author: Greg Dietsche
\par     Web Site: }{http://calc.gregd.org/}{\f2\fs20 
\par       E-Mail: calc at_ gregd.org  (replace \'93 at_\'93 with @)
\par Release Date: 08/21/2004
\par \tab   Size: 5759 bytes of Archive, 12 Bytes of RAM (V200 & TI-92P)
\par \tab         5739 bytes of Archive, 12 Bytes of RAM (TI-89, TI-89T)
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20    AMS: This FLASH App requires AMS 2.05 or later.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2\fs20 Last Revised: $Id$
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 *****DESCRIPTION*****}{\f2 
\par }{\tab Super Start is a FLASH Application that makes using programs on your calculator a breeze. Once installed, Super Start greatly speeds up the task of launching a program. With Super Start
, you simply go to the Var-Link, choose the program that you want to run so that it is shown on the Home Screen. Then you press ENTER. Next, Super Start goes to work, and does all of the rest of the typing for you!
\par 
\par Super Start includes its own program launcher internally. You can use it by typing sstart("program") or sstart.sstart("program"). This launcher can be used in place of all launchers on your calculator. This saves you a lot of RAM and ARCHIVE m
emory because you do not need individual launchers for each ppg compressed program. This FLASH app needs 12 bytes of RAM to launch a program compared to the 2009 bytes needed for ttstart to launch a program (a 99.4% difference!). This means that the progr
ams you launch will have more memory available for them to use!
\par 
\par Super Start is also very useful for developers. If they have Command Post Plus installed, Super Start can be configured to monitor every program that it launches for memory leaks!
\par 
\par For a full list of features, please scroll down to the FEATURES list.}{\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 *****QUICK START*****
\par }\pard \ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx720\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f3 \'b7\tab }{Send sstart.89k to your TI-89 or TI-89 Titanium
\par }{\f3 \'b7\tab }{Send sstart.9xk to your V200 or TI-92 Plus
\par }\pard \ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f3 \'b7\tab }{Use the var-link menu to paste the program's name on the home screen entry line, and then press ENTER \endash  Super Start will do everything else for you.}{\f2\fs20 
\par }{\f3 \'b7\tab }{Use the APPS menu to access the Super Start settings.}{\f2\fs20 
\par }{\f3 \'b7\tab }{To run a program without Auto Start enabled, type sstart(\'93program_name\'94)}{\f2\fs20 
\par }{\f3 \'b7\tab }{If a program needs parameters passed to it; type sstart(\'93program_name\'94, arg1, arg2, \'85)}{\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2\fs20 
\par }{\b\f2 *****FEATURES*****}{\f2 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx720\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f3 \'b7\tab }{Launches ASM and ppg programs via the }{\i sstart }{TI-BASIC extension. Ex: sstart(\'93tetris\'94)
\par }\pard \ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f3 \'b7\tab }{Uses much less (~99% less) RAM than ttstart, and ppg program launchers generated with TIGCC when launching a program.
\par }{\f3 \'b7\tab }{Allows Programs to }{\b legally}{ return a value for immediate use in an expression without making you  install a Kernel, }{\field{\*\fldinst {HYPERLINK "http://calc.gregd.org/download.php?explain=1&what=kerno" }{{\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b7000000068007400740070003a002f002f00630061006c0063002e00670072006500670064002e006f00720067002f0064006f0077006e006c006f00610064002e007000680070003f006500780070006c0061006900
6e003d003100260077006800610074003d006b00650072006e006f000000}}}{\fldrslt {\ul\cf2 KerNO}}}{, or IPR. This means that you can (for example) legally use the expression 6*sstart(\'93myprgm\'94) without any 3}{\super rd}{ party software installed.
\par }{\f3 \'b7\tab }{Accepts any number of parameters to be passed to the called program
\par }\pard \ql \fi-360\li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx1440\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\f2 o\tab }{Syntax: sstart(\'93prgm_name\'94, arg1, arg2, \'85)
\par }\pard \ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx720\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f3 \'b7\tab }{Smart Auto Complete for the Home Screen
\par }\pard \ql \fi-360\li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx1440\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\f2 o\tab }{On/Off setting, the default is }{\b on}{.
\par }\pard \ql \fi-360\li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\f2 o\tab }{Completes parenthesis on ASM type programs <=24KB (except on the TI-89 Titanium which does not need this)
\par }{\f2 o\tab }{Launches ASM programs >24KB with the sstart TI-BASIC extension
\par }{\f2 o\tab }{Launches all ppg programs with the sstart TI-BASIC extension
\par }{\f2 o\tab }{If you have Leak Watch turned on, all ASM and ppg programs are launched with sstart regardless of the above rules.
\par }\pard \ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx720\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f3 \'b7\tab }{Leak Watch of ASM and ppg programs if Command Post is installed.
\par }\pard \ql \fi-360\li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx1440\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\f2 o\tab }{On/Off setting, the default is }{\b off}{.
\par }\pard \ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx720\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f3 \'b7\tab }{A Library interface so other programs (ASM and FLASH) can use the ttunpack code and save some space. (See the source code for more details)}{\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f3 \'b7\tab }{The decompression routine is noticeably faster than most ppg launchers currently available (as of 9/1/2003).}{\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f2\fs20 
\par }{\b\f2 *****LEGAL INFORMATION*****}{\f2 
\par }{\f2\fs20     }{Super Start is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
\par     but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
\par     MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
\par     
\par     You may use portions of the Super Start source code for your own projects
\par     if you give me credit and a link to my website: http://calc.gregd.org/ in the project source code and/or documentation.
\par 
\par     Source code  belonging to TICT is subject to their license. For more
\par \tab information, go to http://tict.ticalc.org/}{\f2 
\par }{\f2\fs20 
\par }{\b\f2 *****PROGRAM HISTORY*****}{\f2 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\b\f2\fs20 Version 1.30}{\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20 Release Date: 08/21/2004
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2\fs20 \tab   Size: 5759 bytes of Archive, 12 Bytes of RAM (V200 & TI-92P)
\par \tab         5739 bytes of Archive, 12 Bytes of RAM (TI-89, TI-89T)
\par }\pard \ql \li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\f2\fs20 AMS: AMS 2.05 or later.
\par Changes:
\par \tab Added TI-89 Titanium Support.
\par \tab A Big thanks to Lionel Debroux for making a majority
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f2\fs20 of the necessary changes!
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20 
\par }{\b\f2\fs20 Version 1.20
\par }\pard \ql \li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\f2\fs20 Release Date: 06/10/2003
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20 Size: 5609 bytes of Archive, 12 Bytes of RAM (V200 & TI-92P)
\par }\pard \ql \li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\f2\fs20 \tab 5593 bytes of Archive, 12 Bytes of RAM (TI-89)
\par AMS: AMS 2.04 or later.
\par Changes:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-360\li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx2160\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f3\fs20 \'b7\tab }{\f2\fs20 Removed HSR 3.0 home screen restore code
\par }\pard \ql \fi-360\li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f3\fs20 \'b7\tab }{\f2\fs20 Now simplifies input so code such as \'93tetris\'94->X:sstart(X) is legal and will not throw an error.
\par }{\f3\fs20 \'b7\tab }{\f2\fs20 Rewording of several XR strings.
\par }{\f3\fs20 \'b7\tab }{\f2\fs20 Language Localization for Spanish, Dutch, Swedish, German, French, and Italian speaking people! (coming as soon as I finish the localizer packages)
\par }{\f3\fs20 \'b7\tab }{\f2\fs20 BUG FIX: The Auto Start routine would crash under these circumstances
\par }\pard \ql \fi-360\li2880\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin2880\itap0 {\f2\fs20 o\tab Split Screen Mode (any)
\par }\pard \ql \fi-360\li2880\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2880\itap0 {\f2\fs20 o\tab On one side, TI-BASIC Program Editor open and editing a program
\par o\tab On The other side, the Home Screen App
\par o\tab The user types the name of the program being edited in the TI-BASIC Program editor on the home screen and presses ENTER.
\par }\pard \ql \fi-360\li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx2160\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f3\fs20 \'b7\tab }{\f2\fs20 FIX for programs that destroy to much of the estack \endash  you can run them now without Super Start throwing an error when they return.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\b\f2\fs20 Version 1.10
\par }\pard \ql \li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\f2\fs20 Release Date: Internal Version, Never Released to the Public
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20       Size: 5721 bytes of Archive, 12 Bytes of RAM (V200 & TI-92P)
\par }\pard \ql \li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\f2\fs20 \tab 5701 bytes of Archive, 12 Bytes of RAM (TI-89)
\par AMS: AMS 2.04 or later.
\par Changes:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-360\li1800\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx1800\faauto\rin0\lin1800\itap0 {\f3\fs20 \'b7\tab }{\f2\fs20 Added a small fix for buggy programs that saves all registers and then restores them when the program returns.
\par }\pard \ql \fi-360\li1800\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1800\itap0 {\f3\fs20 \'b7\tab }{\f2\fs20 Added the HSR 3.0 routine to make sure that the home screen is always redrawn correctly.
\par }{\f3\fs20 \'b7\tab }{\f2\fs20 BUG FIX: Fixed a problem with the auto-complete code that would cause a graphical error in the home screen text editor.
\par }\pard \ql \li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\f2\fs20 Bugs:
\par \tab The Home Screen Restore code \lquote fixes\rquote  the status line, and Users will
\par }\pard \ql \li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f2\fs20 Not see any information left in the status line by the launched program. A bug fix is on the way\'85
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20 
\par }{\b\f2\fs20 Version 1.00
\par }\pard \ql \li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\f2\fs20 Release Date: 06/01/2003
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20 Size: 5569 bytes of Archive, 12 Bytes of RAM (V200 & TI-92P)
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20 \tab       5549 bytes of Archive, 12 Bytes of RAM (TI-89)
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20 AMS: AMS 2.04 or later.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2\fs20 
\par }}